[DOCU-2315] Dev Portal section copy edits (#4095)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/customization/index.md

### Add a custom Dev Portal domain

To add a custom URL to Dev Portal, open {% konnect_icon dev-portal %} **Dev Portal**, then click **Settings**, then follow these steps: 

1. Open the **Portal URL** tab.

2. Enter the full domain, including any applicable subdomain. 
   
   Don't include a path. It's not necessary to include the URL protocol, for example, `https://` into the **Custom Portal URL** field.

> 3. Test to see if the custom URL is accessible. You'll see the custom URL listed in the Dev Portal under the default Dev Portal URL. An SSL certificate will be generated automatically.

Reviewer: "Is accessible" implies accessibility in the ADA sense. 
```suggestion
3. Test your custom URL. You'll see the custom URL listed in the Dev Portal under the default Dev Portal URL. An SSL certificate will be generated automatically.
```

   {:.note}
   > **Note:** DNS propagation can take a few hours. If after a few hours you can't access the Dev Portal from the custom URL, contact your domain registrar.

## Single Sign-On
{:.badge .enterprise}

> A {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin can configure Single Sign-On (SSO) for the Dev Portal via the identity settings in the {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin can configure single sign-on (SSO) for the Dev Portal via the identity settings in the {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin interface.
```

> To configure single sign-on, Open {% konnect_icon dev-portal %} **Dev Portal**, click **Settings**, then follow these steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure single sign-on, open {% konnect_icon dev-portal %} **Dev Portal**, click **Settings**, then follow these steps: 
```

1. Open the **Identity** tab.

   {:.note}

>       > **Note:** Copy the callback URL and enter it in your OIDC Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the callback URL and enter it in your identity provider.
```
Not really sure why this is a note and not a step.

> 2. Enter the full domain, including the subdomain and protocol, into the  **Provider URL** field (also known as **Issuer**). For example,  `https://accounts.google.com` for Google IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter the full domain, including the subdomain and protocol, into the  **Provider URL** field (also known as **Issuer**). For example, `https://accounts.google.com` for Google IdP.
```
